every country-region city and town has
their own unique people food and culture
so let me take you on a ride today you
came here for the truth a lighter video
for you today and I love the rain it is
very clear and evident from this photo
the trip begins in Amsterdam you could
see that from the broken umbrella in the
background the wide assortment of bikes
that are located literally everywhere in
this city a very unique city in many
ways so I'll touch on a few points that
I saw while I was there and I'll cover
another city as well this is Amsterdam a
very unique place now geographically
where it is located you can see that it
is in fact a hub for a lot of Europe is
positioned very close to London to
Belgium to Germany and others a short
train ride and you can be in many
different cities while I was there I was
able to meet with people that I knew
from the city and gave me a good insight
as to how it really is in addition to
all the tourist spots that I checked out
and one of the things that I'm really
knew that I needed to see while I was
there this is very important in fact one
of the most important things of my trip
was this the Dutch tulips I've
researched this before I've read it in
many many books but I've never seen it
for myself until now the Dutch tulips
even today several hundred years later
are still ingrained still important to
the Dutch people one of the things that
is different from what we had seen a few
years ago is the price many years ago we
had the tulip mania tulips have long
held a significant role in Dutch history
and culture ever since they were
introduced to the Netherlands
from the Ottoman Empire in the mid 1500s
and still today very important the only
difference is that all of that
speculation in its price doesn't exist
today there's a market that is in the
let's say central area right in a
tourist hotspot next to all these
different shops and everything else it's
a floral market primarily and they have
a lot of Dutch tulips every color shape
and size is available there but that's
speculation in the price it's not
present the reason I mention this is
because we may see an asset class rise
and rise and rise and rise and rise and
all of that speculation and hot money
may flow into it and people believe that
even if it goes down the price can
continue to rise but look at tulips as
an example now of course this is the
most extreme example that we've seen but
I just note that that just because
something has risen does it mean that it
can rise in future that is not a good
indication of using the history in order
to prove something from the future
doesn't work like that and that is one
very clear example to me so looking at
further into this year the house of
tulips this was at the airport I want to
cover something else from the airport to
but let me stay on the topic of tulips
for a moment here this was basically so
people can buy some of these seeds and
the bulbs they can take them home to
where they live the amsterdam tulip
museum I saw this and of course I had to
go in this is a picture of the building
here basically you get a little bit of
history you get to buy them there as
well if you want as I said I studied
this in many books many different
authors I know quite a bit about this
and today still this is ingrained within
the society in the Dutch people that
tulips
are something to behold but the price of
which isn't there so that's really what
I wanted to make note of I saw these
everywhere tulips are everywhere and of
course I was hitting a lot of the
tourist spots so that's part of it but
you definitely know that you get that
feeling of what's happening within there
this is just basically the streets here
this is next to the central area next to
the Central Station the people such
people there locally are very nice very
accommodating they spoke English they
really I got the sense that they really
wanted tourists there or at least they
were polite to them whereas in some
other cities you don't really get that
so I thought that was very good as a
tourist coming there the people that I
knew from there give me good insight of
where to go and the people see and all
the places to visit so I definitely hit
a lot of the good spots some of the
unique things kind of there obviously
being the red-light district which is
something that it's a sight to behold
that's for sure quite unique in its own
way and different I don't know how else
to put it but definitely worth going to
to see how this society I don't know if
I should say the word tolerates or
accepts it or what-have-you but it's
more for the tourism side of it there's
a lot of different things to check out
there so if you do get a chance to go to
Amsterdam I'd recommend going to the
red-light district it's interesting to
say the least these are the canals that
go all throughout the city and one of
the things I want to note is the fact
that these streets are not that you see
on the side here they are not meant for
anything but bikes practically I mean
the cars can barely fit you can see
where they're parking right on the edge
and the even pedestrians have a
disadvantage it's all for the bikes
there's bike lanes everywhere literally
you can ride your bike anywhere in the
city and get
around in fact you know had I known that
it was this way I would have gotten a
bike in the first place
they're everywhere attached to it every
post and anything you can attach to and
many of them are not even locked that's
what I found very interesting there's
like a commodity that's available just
everywhere it's it seems that nobody's
really concerned they just put the
kickstand on and leave their bike in the
middle of the road it's totally fine so
another thing I wanted to note was the
canals canals are everywhere and in the
tourist center anyway in the center you
see that there are all these boats
similar to what you would see in Venice
or something but this is you know
tourists would would be able to use this
the gondola riser or whatever similar to
Venice but you also get this as a method
of transportation which I find to be
unique and not many cities have that so
it's something interesting anyway this
is another point that I thought I would
cover here I did a little Google
Translate and what I found that this
here I went to their website as well
unlimited phone text messaging and data
for your phone 20 euro per month now
many people would say that's a
reasonable price other people would say
that's expensive but if you live in
Toronto where I live this is unrealistic
I couldn't believe it the price that we
pay for a cell phone you wouldn't
believe it now maybe the price of the
hardware might be different but I'm
talking about the monthly fees there is
no unlimited data plan as far as I'm
aware you can it I don't even think you
can get that if you did it would be
probably three four hundred dollars
minimum per month Canadian and I have to
think to myself by the way we pay it
probably on average people are paying
about a hundred dollars Canadian per
month for a cell phone with data and you
get a few gigabytes of data that's it so
I thought to myself why is the price so
high
is the infrastructure in the Netherlands
better than it is in Toronto probably
not maybe it's about equivalent similar
cellphone towers and similar
infrastructure and so what is it about
the price well they gouge ooh here that
is the purpose and it's also important
to note the fact that a lot of these
companies particularly in Canada that
have such a stranglehold around the
government's neck in terms of the
pricing they are the ones who decide
what it should be at and they will get
away with it they seem to be doing so
and I just couldn't believe it it's not
even a fraction of what we pay so
looking around the world remember that
what we pay for sort of thing in
relation to the average income that's
what's important to know not just for
cell phones I use as an example but your
internet your food and everything else
judge it based on what the average
person makes then the price for these
so-called you know expendable things I
was blown away by that
van Gogh I went to the van Gogh Museum
and I saw this painting I even though
you're not allowed to take pictures I
took a picture of it and it's really
blurry but basically what this is it's
titled here the poor and money and
essentially these people right here in
this blurry image are lining up because
they took their pennies and bought
lottery tickets for it hoping that they
could be free of their poverty that's
what happens and the same thing exists
today not necessarily with the lottery
but you do you do see that you see a lot
of people who are generally in the lower
middle class that are buying lottery
tickets none of the rich people they
don't do that and the same thing is
going on today
with the poorest of the poor people are
trying to get that ticket no pun
intended
out of this mess but those who run the
lottery those who run the system are the
ones who decide how things will be so I
thought it was interesting that even
this is back 1882 the year the same
thing what's going on now let's take a
flight to Majorca
my Orca is an interesting place in Spain
have been to other places in Spain and
Italy and in this region here but I
wanted to check out this one place I had
a friend
located there who gave me some insight
gave me some good information about
what's going on in Spain in general but
what's going on in neighboring Barcelona
the independence movement what's
happening within Palma the city as well
so I'll cover just a few points from
that welcome to Germany wait a minute no
this is the beach in Majorca it is
filled with Germans now the German
people are using this region here as
their hotspot when they need some Sun
they're going among other places too my
Orca and this is very evident the stores
had German names the food was focused
around the German people the store
owners were Germans they were speaking
German Germany it was practically a
German you know you know region if I
didn't know any better so that's
something that I was really finding
unique about this area here that first
of all there's so many people from
Germany coming to that location as well
as the fact that it's just different
than what you would see in some areas
where you go to certain places and you
get a mix of tourists right
all over the world whereas it's not
really the case here in my orc I
particularly in this area here around
the beachfront this is a busy part of
the beach there were other places you
know not far that were not that busy
definitely this is another thing that
you have these beautiful sand castles
that are made right along side the beach
here amazing and of course the guy only
gets a couple pennies for this entire
job that he did nobody really likes to
give nobody likes to tithe for any sort
of anything that you know what that
might be a lot of people don't really
tip I noticed a lot of people don't give
up anything there's a different you know
I'll leave it at that
look at this this was prevalent as well
these people who make these live in
these tents now I don't know if this is
where they live permanently or
what-have-you but perhaps these people
are homeless as well one of the things
that I noticed from this region is that
there are very few homeless people in
compared to what I would see in Toronto
Toronto has homeless people on every
single corner of the street there are
panhandlers there are the squeegee kids
there are people following you around
trying to get money from you trying to
create scams from you that's what I see
to be pervasive throughout Toronto and
in my York didn't really get that
picture and I was going through the
literally every streets walking probably
from eight to ten hours a day minimum of
walking throughout I spent all day
morning until night walking around
essentially visiting different places
this was interesting say the least
looking at this here we got next the
flags are everywhere there are those who
are patriotic to their lovely blue flag
and others who are not and I think that
generally the people there are following
what would happen in Catalonia what we
see in the
pendants if we do see it I think that
very well that independence could follow
or at least the attempt could follow for
those in my era as well but it's very
much sheltered from the rest of what's
happening in Spain Spain is suffering
today you can see that the unemployment
rate is high youth unemployment you can
see the banking system is struggling you
could see that they require bailouts it
isn't really a good thing it sits in a
mess quite frankly but my orchid doesn't
seem to be part of that to a great
degree this is what I mentioned the fact
I mentioned this is that every different
region of the world has spots each spot
may be very different from the other
just because it's located within Spain
doesn't mean it's doing bad it doesn't
mean it's doing good it just means that
you have to look at those pockets and
address them for the way they are okay
very quickly here the boats and yachts
and everything everywhere I mean showing
you that there's a lot of money focused
in this one area I've seen German flags
on some of these boats and just to note
here that the further you go outward the
bigger the boats are so you'll see you
know some of these midsize yachts you
see the larger yachts you can see the
cruise ships coming in quite interesting
that some people have a lot of money and
you can see if focus centrally in
certain locations of the world and this
is another image from that this is from
the top of the hill where you can see
down look at the city and I just wanted
to note once again that some economies
are doing well others not so good even
though they may be within that you got
to look at it more granularly more
specifically to address any particular
situation when you're looking at that
geographically you can say Europe is
doing bad but that's an over
simplification of the whole story you
mean there's much more to it then
this although all the dominoes will fall
I've been saying that for quite some
time if your neighbors start doing badly
unfortunately you're going to suffer as
well that's the way it is so that's my
trip part of it I've went to probably
something like 11 different cities in
Europe over the last few years and it
has been quite interesting I'd like to
bring more of these type of videos for
you I hope that it was you know you
learned a few things it just got a
lighter video for a fourth today I mean
I don't always want to bring the same
pieces of information to you and I
thought that I would just bring this up
to you see what you think about it I
hope you found it somewhat informative
you got a few nuggets of information out
of it that's all I'll leave you for
today if you found it informative please
give me a thumbs up and don't forget to
hit that subscribe button you could join
the 67 thousand plus people that are
here on the channel I post videos every
single day so I hope that you will join
me here take care